## Summary

Consolidates daily room inventory information for the Grand Lodge at Brian Head hotel. The program reads a Room Type Forecast report generated by their property management system, consolidates the information by adding inventory numbers together that fall under the same room catagories, and outputs the information in an easy to read grid that can be printed.

## Motivation

As a Front Desk Agent of the Grand Lodge at Brian Head, I was always bothered by how much waste was created by printing off a Room Type Forecast report in order to update inventory on our website and online travel agencies. A single day's worth of inventory took 2/3rds of a page of paper and updating inventory two weeks out at a time every week started using up a lot of paper. I decided to create this program to not only reduce how much paper we consumed, but also to make the information easier to read and reduce how much time was spent on updating inventory.

##Instructions for use

Step 1:		Save a copy of the Room Type Forecast you wish to consolidate.

Step 2:		Place the Room Type Forecast in the folder where the program is located. The program
	      	can't find any file that's not in the same folder as it is being run from.

Step 3: 	Enter the name of the file when prompted. Make sure to spell the report exactly as 
      		the file name is spelled, including capitalization. For this reason it may be easier
      		rename the Room Type Forecast as something simple like 'report'. You do not need to
	      	add the file extention '.txt', the program will add the file extention if you don't
	      	include it.

Final Step: 	Print the new text file named 'FORECAST.txt'. The file will be located in the same
	            folder that the program is run from. It will always be named 'FORECAST.txt'.
	            
## Important notes

---	The program can only consolidate up to 180 days worth of information at a time. If you try
  	to consolidate more information than that at once you will generate a report that still only
  	has 180 days on it.

---	Each page of the consolidated report will have 22 days worth of information on it.

---	You can consolidate Room Type Forecast reports that exclude specific room types. The room types
  	not included will say '0' for their inventory through the entire report.

---	Whenever you generate a new 'FORECAST.txt.' file, it will automatically overwrite any previous
  	files of the same name. If you are generating multiple reports, make sure to either rename or
  	move each file before generating a new one.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Joseph Dec

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
